README.md, before:

# Cordova plugin for [Firebase In-App Messaging](https://firebase.google.com/docs/in-app-messaging)

[![NPM version][npm-version]][npm-url] [![NPM downloads][npm-downloads]][npm-url] [![Twitter][twitter-follow]][twitter-url]

| [![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)][donate-url] | Your help is appreciated. Create a PR, submit a bug or just grab me :beer: |
|-|-|

## Index

<!-- MarkdownTOC levels="2" autolink="true" -->

- [Supported Platforms](#supported-platforms)
- [Installation](#installation)

<!-- /MarkdownTOC -->

## Supported Platforms

- iOS
- Android

## Installation

    cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging --save

Use variable `FIREBASE_INAPPMESSAGING_VERSION` to override dependency version on Android.

Use variable `POD_FIREBASE_VERSION` to override dependency version on iOS.

[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging
[npm-version]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging.svg
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging.svg
[twitter-url]: https://twitter.com/chemerisuk
[twitter-follow]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/chemerisuk.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20me
[donate-url]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=K7CE5R3PAPT9A&source=url

Commit message:

update cordova variables and ordova-plugin-firebase-analytics version

README.md, after:

# Cordova plugin for [Firebase In-App Messaging](https://firebase.google.com/docs/in-app-messaging)

[![NPM version][npm-version]][npm-url] [![NPM downloads][npm-downloads]][npm-url] [![Twitter][twitter-follow]][twitter-url]

| [![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)][donate-url] | Your help is appreciated. Create a PR, submit a bug or just grab me :beer: |
|-|-|

## Index

<!-- MarkdownTOC levels="2" autolink="true" -->

- [Supported Platforms](#supported-platforms)
- [Installation](#installation)

<!-- /MarkdownTOC -->

## Supported Platforms

- iOS
- Android

## Installation

    cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging --save

Use variables `IOS_FIREBASE_INAPPMESSAGING_VERSION` and `ANDROID_FIREBASE_INAPPMESSAGING_VERSION` to override dependency versions for Firebase SDKs.

[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging
[npm-version]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging.svg
[npm-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/cordova-plugin-firebase-inappmessaging.svg
[twitter-url]: https://twitter.com/chemerisuk
[twitter-follow]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/chemerisuk.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20me
[donate-url]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=K7CE5R3PAPT9A&source=url
